Prompt

The author Waldo Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, about to be individuality. I disagree with him because there are many occasions that you need help from someone in life. Is not just to be individual is to know how to management your life in your time. In this essay i will talk about some ways the we can work together. Firts i will explain about, job issues and results. Second i will explain about society, and how can be relative to be not a individual person. Finally i will expain how to take decisons, and to make them work. This may prove that individuality doesn't change the you can not be, what you want be.

There are many ways the can be a ocation of individuality. In your job, might be someone you do not like, because his or her behave. You can try to work with the person, is not just be a individual person, beause you might need the help of the person one day. If your try to work with the person to broke the individuality between the person in you, that can be a avance to be relative to other people. Another occasion on individuality in your job can might be because, you are not doing what you dreamed about to be in the future. The doesn't mean the you can not fight to get your goal, if you don't like your job try to do something the you like been working in a job that you don't like is typical of individuality behave. Many companies work together as a team to get there goels, you can work with other people in your job as a company.

Some people prefert to be alone in many times, these people we can know as asocial. This people just want to be alone becuase they feel comfortable like that. There another people the doesn't like to be around others people, because they like to do the things by there own. They like to be the one the everyone see, the point of attention these people we can call as indiviluatys. Not all them are the like that, because there might be a reason to makes them to be like that. Maybe for their background. Be around of society is sometimes is more complicate then what it looks, mostly if you know people like that, but you can try to work with them or somethings these people chage. Some them beacuse they look for help and others change because someone close to them help to change for good.

We all make decisions in life but some those decisons can make us to do something wrong or to be a different person. Try to be anoter person is not just to want to be the person is to make a decision. You can make the decision to be push it by the world, or you can make your own decision of what you want to do in life. Many people take the decision to stay in a world that management their life, because they think the is better or because is the easy way. The president can deciside to work alone, and make the things as he wants but he knows the he needs to work together, we the people in the congress beacuse by himself can not do everything. As the president we can make the same, decision as him to work together or not. you can make your own goal to fight for what you want or to be constantly push it by the world to change you to be something else.

In summary we all have the decision to select which way to follow. As i went throught about job and result. Also i wrote about hoe we can live around the society, and how we can result conflicts. Finally i explaned how we can take are own decision, to be what we want to do, and what can be goal to follow to change, or fight for it. This can be a result the Ralp Waldo Emerson, is wrong about to be push it by the world constantly, beacuse you change that and be what you want to be.