The best time in life is when you become yourself. I agree that the greatest accomplishment, is when you be yourself in a world that constantly trying to make you something else. Because you make your own choices, you become more happy, and you respect others.

First, you make your own choices by being yourself. Becoming yourself means that you should be able to make your own choices and not be shy or afraid of what you're doing. Because you're defining yourself by doing those things that you want. Some people follow others, therefore, they don't make their own choices. People are afraid to make their own choice because they don't want to get rejected or be wrong. In this world, most of the teenagers act and follow the people who are strong and bullies. The reason they follow them and make the same choices they make, is because they're afraid that they will get beaten up and be left out. Personally when I came to the United States I used to follow other, because I thought they were amazing. But one day, I knew I was walking in the wrong path and I left them. Making your own choices makes you happy because you get to do what you like and what you want to do. It's hard to make your own choices, but one day you're going to have to make your own choices. The more you mature the more it will become easier for you to not be afraid of what you're doing and how other people are looking at it, because at the end of the day It's your life and you do what you think is right.

Second, You become more happy by being yourself because you make your own choices, You take responsibilities and you do whatever makes you happy. Also, some people act like they're happy while not being themselves, but matter of fact, they're depressed from the inside. Being yourself makes you more happy because you feel like you achieved something big. Also, Some religious kids who become themselves love everyone. In the bible it says "Those who know God should love others, because God is love."

Not being yourself will get you depressed because you don't do everything you want to do, but you do what others wanna do because you want to fit in. Some kids who come from a different country will do stuff they don't want to do just to fit in, because they don't want to be lonely. Some people are afraid they won't be happy because they would lose a lot of friends for being themselves, but they have to know that those people should be there for them and support them for what he's doing since it's his friends.

Lastly, Respecting others will gain them to respect you. Some teenagers like to make fun of others, not listen to what they have to say, and they like to beat kids up. Also some kids don't like to not listen to their parents, and that is also disrespectful. The bible says " Honor your father and mother."

If you respect your parents and listen to them, then they would trust you and not ask you lots of questions. Respecting other should be really important, because you don't want others to not respect you. Also, Some people are disrespectful because they were never respected. Important things to do to be respectful is, Listen to what the other person has to say, Stand up for them, Being friends with them Doing all of that will gain you respect and you would have good friends. Also, if you see someone bullying a kid don't watch, and stand up for them, don't be afraid to stand up for someone because you're doing the right thing.

Some may disagree with me and say that it's not that big of a deal, and it doesn't feel like a big accomplishment. But with all do respect, I agree that it's a big accomplishment because nowadays it's really hard to become yourself.

In conclusion, It's hard to become yourself in this world, because others are holding that opportunity back from you and you're afraid to fight it back. That's why I agree that to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. 