People should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matter. because they can find a good ideas from them. So its help full for anyone who is struggling with there own ideas. Even though they find a good think to make there own decision.

Even thought people need to see guidance from experts and authorities about life's important.

because, who confused with his/her ideas. They will find a good ideas to make a good decision for there ideas. Also Some times they does not have idea with what they have to pick or they have to do in there life .So, They need some one to find a good ideas from them. Some people keep his ideas with him/her self and think over. They get depression all the time with them life's. also they start doing other bad thing to get out from them depression. Fore example, drink alcohols.

I think sometimes we need some life's guidance to make a dissciocion for our life. because everyone think too many thing all the times. but, when we get confused with our own ideas. It is help full to share and to see guidance. we have to see guidance from experts and authorities about life's to make a good dessicion.

For example, when I start think about something hard and straggle to get a good idea. I always share my ideas with some one who can understand and help me with my idea. If

I got a good ideas form them I keep that ideas for my own life. so its better to share your ideas with people from experts and authorities about life's important matter.

People who decide his won idea with his self and sharing his own idea for other people and making a decision. Making a decision with other peoples are help full to make a good decide. because they find anther good think with your idea or they will tell you the bad thing about your ideas. So you can make you own decision after that thats help full to now your weekness.

So making decision with life guidance is help full to make a good decision for life.                                                                                                                                                                                               